hello friends and welcome to my channel
today i will show you how to make samosa
it is Indian snack recipe so let's get
started here I have all the ingredients
for making this samosa you will require
all purpose flour I have added some
carom seeds to it and you will require
crushed ginger and green chilies and
some cumin seeds in spices you will
require coriander seeds powder red
chilli powder garam masala amchur powder
and chat masala will require some salt
boiled potatoes and some oil let's make
our dough first so I have taken all
purpose flour to that I have added carom
seeds and add salt as per your test to
this I am going to add around four
tablespoons of oil this is regular
sunflower oil now mix all these
ingredients very well using your clean
hands and by taking small amount of
lukewarm water at a time knead this
dough we want medium don't not too stiff
or not to lose so take small amount of
water at a time and keep needing this
too until you get a very smooth too i
will show you once it's done
so you can see I have got very nice and
smooth taupe keep needing this for five
minutes so after five minutes you can
see I have got very smooth and very nice
too and now cover it and keep it aside
pyle our dough is resting let's make our
potato filling so in a pan I have taken
one tablespoon of oil and to that add
cumin seeds there are so many varieties
of this potato filling I am showing you
one which I use normally once cumin
seeds crackle add crushed ginger and
green chillies and saw tape for two
minutes now dump in all these spices at
a time and give it a mix just sort it
for a few seconds and then add mashed
potatoes
now it's time to add mashed potatoes I
just have mashed them using hands and
mix it well if you want you can add
green peas to this mixture add some salt
as per taste give it a mix and this
potato mixture is ready so now this
potato mixture is cooled down and our
dough is also ready now let's start
making our samosas for this I am taking
a small ball out of this dough just need
this to once and then make small balls
I have taken a small ball out of it make
a round off this dough and now take some
oil and let's roll it into a roti
from one roti you will get two samosas
make sure you roll it evenly from all
the sides now this roti is ready and
let's cut it into half using a knife
then take half portion of this protein
take some water and apply it around the
corners straight corner of this roti
half roti and then fold it like a cone
as shown and secure its edges very
nicely you can see I have pinched its
top and now from inside and outside
secure its edges perfectly so that our
mixture will not come out and you will
get this cone like structure fill in
this potato masala into this cone around
one to one and half tablespoon it will
depend upon size of your samosas do not
fill it too much
and now at the back side of this samosa
it's the front side where we connected
to ends and on the back side make a fold
so that your samosa will stand like so
that your samosa will stand and after
making this fold again apply some water
on the edges and secure it very nicely
hold all the edges join all the edges
and secure it very nicely and you can
see our samosa is ready I hope you have
understood the procedure you can see the
plate at the back of this samosa which
will help in standing this samosa in the
same way I am going to make rest of
these samosas so my samosas are ready
and now let's fry them in a deep pan
take some oil I'm using sunflower oil
and once oil is hot drop the samosas you
can use more amount of oil i have taken
very less amount but if you want you can
take more amount of oil and on medium
flame fry these samosas until they
become golden brown make sure you don't
fly them on high heat otherwise the
outer cover will become Brown very soon
and the samosa will not get cooked from
inner side so make sure you cook them on
medium flame
you can see I have got very nice golden
brown color on these samosas and my
samosas are ready so I will take them
out on the tissue paper and this samosas
are ready serve hot with any ketchup or
chutney of your choice
take did some moves us on a tissue paper
and serve them hot so these samosas
immediately with a green chutney and
ketchup I hope you have enjoyed this
video thanks for watching this video
please share your comments and
suggestions I'll see you next time until
next time take care and goodbye